-What are you doing?
-Hey, stop!
We must lure the SWAT team
at the shrine to the main door.
I'll do it.
If I hold the banner that says
this is an election scheme
on the rooftop,
won't they come up
to the rooftop to get me?
No, that's too dangerous.
It's better to lure them
by radioing An Gyeong-hui.
He's the one who killed my sister, right?
Let me radio him.
Mr. Lee.
Mr. Lee!
Han-na. What on earth happened?
I'll tell you in person.
I'm driving a bus to the dorm.
All right.
We'll lure them to the main door,
-so come to the shrine.
-Okay.
I'll get there in 15 minutes.
Give me the radio.
Hello?
It's located in the west.
Hello? Sir?
Can you hear me?
What is it this time?
I told you not to radio me.
Listen.
Some of the kids just went up
to the rooftop with a banner that says
this is an election scheme.
To the rooftop?
What about Gang-mu?
He's in front of the door to the rooftop
to protect the kids.
You have to spare me. I must live to--
I got it.
Who is she? Can we trust her?
She's the one who tipped me off
that Kang Cheong-ya was a Northern spy.
Move all the forces near the shrine
to the main door.
And tell them to go in.
Yes, sir.
Good job.
It's an emergency exit
on basement two, okay?
-Yes, ma'am!
Hurry.
-It's on basement two.
-Hurry up.
-Yeong-ro! Hurry!
-Yes?
-Be careful.
-Hurry up, Ms. Oh.
Okay. I'll catch up.
Go, go! Hurry.
-My son…
-Ms. Oh?
Ms. Oh!
Ms. Oh…
Are you okay?
Mr. Lee, I'm in front of the shrine now.
Hurry up and come out with the students.
Let's go. Jang-hui first.
And Dong-jae too.
Lim Soo-ho.